Add import data tutorials to the main tutorials section (#1933)
pyansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/user_guide/tutorials/import_data/index.rst

    :padding: 2
    :margin: 2

>     .. grid-item-card:: Manual input data on DPF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. grid-item-card:: Use custom data
```

       :link: ref_tutorials_represent_data_on_dpf
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

>        Learn how to represent your manual input data in a DPF data storage structures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Learn how to build DPF data storage structures from custom data
```

    :padding: 2
    :margin: 2

    .. grid-item-card:: Import a result file in DPF
       :link: ref_tutorials_import_result_file
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

       This tutorial shows how to import a result file in DPF.

       +++
       :bdg-mapdl:`MAPDL` :bdg-lsdyna:`LS-DYNA` :bdg-fluent:`FLUENT` :bdg-cfx:`CFX`

    .. grid-item-card:: Extract and explore results metadata
       :link: ref_tutorials_extract_and_explore_results_metadata
       :link-type: ref
       :text-align: center

       This tutorial shows how to extract and explore results metadata (analysis type,

>        physics type, unit system ... ) from a result file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       physics type, unit system...) from a result file.
```
